So we want to find the meals that fit into the category we selected them for actually in the category
meal screen component.
We're not really interested in the selected category but we're highly interested in the meals that belong
to that category now.
For that we can first of all import our meals array because that holds all possible meals we have.
And now we want to filter out those which actually have the category idea we selected in their category
I.D. array which every meal has you will see in the dummy data that every meal has this array of category
I.D. to which it belongs.
So that's what we'll use for filtering.
So in the category meals screen we want to find the meals that belong to that category we selected and
all stored them in a concern named displayed meals.
The name is of course up to you and they're all look at my meals.
So that's the entire meals array and use the filter method javascript offers to run a function on every
meal in that array where we get the meal automatically as an argument and where we have to return true
if it's one of the meals that we want to keep or false if it's one of the meals we don't want to keep.
And we want to keep all meals where the category I.D. property off that meal we're looking at contains
the category I.D. we select that here.
So here I will return true if meal category I.D. index off which is also a javascript method the cat
I.D. we extracted from the root parents if that is greater or equal than zero because it will be minus
one if the category I.D. is not part of the category I.D. If it's zero or greater then we know that
this meal has this category I.D. in its categories I.D. category I.D. array and this will give us an
array of displayed meals for that selected category.
Now that's what we want out here now for this.
I have my view here and in that view I again want to render a list and now it will be a list and not
a grid so set off the button which will not need anymore I'll import flat list here and then render
my flat list like this.
And now they are the data I feed in of course is my displayed meals array because that are the meals
I want to render to the screen.
Now as mentioned before modern versions of reactive automatically look for a D field in a meal to use
that as a key in flat list if you're using an older version or all just practices again I'll add a key
extractor here where I get the item in the index and I know that on each meal I'll have I.D. field because
that's what we set up here in the model and that will be what I use as a key in my list so I'll use
that here in Key extractor.
More important than the key extractor however is render item which of course should point at a function
that we use to render a single item in that list and they're all just as before setup a new function.
I'll do it here inside of my component functions so that I can use props and I'll named this render
meal item the name is totally up to you in there I will get some item data I notice because the flat
list passes us as item data object into dysfunction and then there we have to return a j as X code that
should render a meal item and they're all render a view and for the moment then simply a text component
in there where I want to output item data dot item dot titles or just the name of the meal for now later
will also display the image there but for now it is will do and now render meal item is what I use here
ask the function render item should point at this should render a basic list of meals let's see whether
that works if we save this and we now select let's say Italian I see spaghetti with tomato sauce doesn't
look too bad.
Quick and Easy receive for meals and hamburgers we see the classic hamburger light and lovely we see
two recipes so that seems to work looks like recipes are selected based on the category we chose and
that's of course right now it's again time to work a little bit on the styling because I'm not sure
about you but I think we can improve that a little bit.